year 2022

Q1 What will be the output of the following Python code?
i = 0
while i< 3:
 print(i)
i += 1
else:
print(0)


Q2.What will be the output of the following Python code?
def cube(x):
 return x * x * x
x = cube(3)
print x 


Q3.Write a Python program to construct the following pattern, using a
nested for loop.


*
* *
* * *
* * * *
* * * * * 
* * * *
* * *
* *
*



Q4.Write a Python program to change a given string to a new string where
the first and last chars have been exchanged.



year 2023

Q1 .Describe the concept of List Slicing with a suitable example

Q2. Define floor division with an example

Q3. What will be the output of the following python code 

def count1(s):
 vowels = "AEIOUaeiou"
 count = 0
 for c in s:
 if c in vowels:
 count += 1
 return count
print(count1(‘I love India’))

Q4. What will be the output of the following code?
list1 = ['M', 'o', 'n', 'k', 'y']
print("@".join(list1))

Q5. Demonstrate five different built in functions used in the string. Write a
program to check whether a string is a palindrome or not.

Q6. Explain the following loops with a flow diagram, syntax, and suitable
examples.
 For and while


Q7. Explain the continue, break, and pass statements with a suitable example.
(d) Develop a program to calculate the reverse of any entered number.

Q8.Differentiate between / and // operator with an example 

Q9. Compute the output of the following python code:
def count(s):
for str in string.split():
s = “&”.join(str)
return s
print(count(“Python is fun to learn.”)) 

Q10. Explain why the program generates an error.
x = [‘12’, ’hello’, 456]
x[0] *= 3
x[1][1]=’bye’


Q11. Explore the working of while, and for loop with examples. 

Q12 . Construct a program that accepts a comma separated sequence of words as input
and prints the words in a comma-separated sequence after sorting them
alphabetically.
Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:
without, hello, bag, world
Then, the output should be:
bag, hello, without, world

